README.md, before:

Florians Popclip extensions
===========================

This repository contains extensions for [Popclip](http://pilotmoon.com/popclip/). Handcrafted in Vienna by [Florian Eckerstorfer](https://florian.ec).


Extensions
----------

This repository contains the following extensions:

- **[Sublime Text](http://cdn.florian.ec/OpenInST.popclipext.zip)**: Opens the currently selected text as file in Sublime Text.
- **[DuckDuckGo](http://cdn.florian.ec/PHPStorm.popclipext.zip)**: Search DuckDuckGo with selected text.
- **[PHPStorm](http://cdn.florian.ec/DuckDuckGo.popclipext.zip)**: Open selected file names in PHPStorm.
- **[Copy Plain](http://cdn.florian.ec/CopyPlain.popclipext.zip)**: Copy selected text as plain text and remove leading and trailing whitespaces.


Installation
------------

Before installing any of these extensions, you need to install [Popclip](http://shrt.at/MF) and download the extension (or clone this repository).

1. Double click the `.popclipext` file
2. Done

Instead of opening the `.popclipext` you can open a Terminal window, navigate to the `popclipextensions` directory and execute

    $ make install-openinst
    $ make install-duckduckgo
    $ make install-phpstorm
    $ make install-copy-plain


License
-------

    The MIT License (MIT)

    Copyright (c) 2013 Florian Eckerstorfer

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add "Run Query in Sequel Pro" extension

README.md, after:

Florians Popclip extensions
===========================

This repository contains extensions for [Popclip](http://pilotmoon.com/popclip/). Handcrafted in Vienna by [Florian Eckerstorfer](https://florian.ec).


Extensions
----------

This repository contains the following extensions:

- **[Sublime Text](http://cdn.florian.ec/OpenInST.popclipext.zip)**: Opens the currently selected text as file in Sublime Text.
- **[DuckDuckGo](http://cdn.florian.ec/PHPStorm.popclipext.zip)**: Search DuckDuckGo with selected text.
- **[PHPStorm](http://cdn.florian.ec/DuckDuckGo.popclipext.zip)**: Open selected file names in PHPStorm.
- **[Copy Plain](http://cdn.florian.ec/CopyPlain.popclipext.zip)**: Copy selected text as plain text and remove leading and trailing whitespaces.
- **[Run Query in Sequel Pro](http://cdn.florian.ec/RunQueryInSequelPro.popclipext.zip)**: Executes the selected query in Sequel Pro.


Installation
------------

Before installing any of these extensions, you need to install [Popclip](http://shrt.at/MF) and download the extension (or clone this repository).

1. Double click the `.popclipext` file
2. Done

Instead of opening the `.popclipext` you can open a Terminal window, navigate to the `popclipextensions` directory and execute

    $ make install-openinst
    $ make install-duckduckgo
    $ make install-phpstorm
    $ make install-copy-plain
    $ make install-run-query-in-sequel-pro


License
-------

    The MIT License (MIT)

    Copyright (c) 2013-2014 Florian Eckerstorfer

    Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
    of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
    in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
    to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
    copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
    furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

    The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
    all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

    THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
    IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
    FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
    AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
    LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
    OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
    THE SOFTWARE.
